and scored a fight me so finally a syringe and
watered by giving out for medicine
these pesticides have long been a lot of you in this and
became the price tag and it seems on this smoke under
everyone and scored the fight me like a horse
syringe and watered for
medicine these 200 goals up to many many
This column is not, and it seems at this tribute
happy people blink those don't know me
now do not curse our meeting so me
easier but every night as scheduled
turma is not aware whether and floating away fully
I could have known my own
You, too, is not normal and in fact endowed
something new on among you goodbye
generic anomalies not love-mania
you and I were mixed up with a scream and
scolding I know that there is peace here on
heart stone new your boyfriend is not with
river
I don’t blame much on my mother’s gift
did wrong looking for you in the eyes
some bitch you we are not a drop
cheat you not only interfere imagine
I'm so tired of loving you and you're empty too
just if you gave a chance to wind these
years ved apple is the first one said softly
god hi ben scored fight me like on
want with c mail and giving out passion
medicine
these birds or brownies, that's why
column not
does not seem to this smoke sat down and gained
pain me like a horse syringe and watered
passion let me
medicine third pesticides homemade
so it turned blue and it seems
On this day, these verses are addicted now
paper that flies isokom press about
home damned what's the use and
year from kokanda by peace how lonely
among coffee people among people from whom
bad not trying to write a poem or two about
parting distance and pro sides i
stretch for miles be
back and this music is trash from trying to
tell me
We have time you alive
i miss you sorry
it's time to listen here as I whine the way
yourself and sends to become stronger fortune
artemiy to everything and songs about this depression
soon you yourself plus probably very much and you circle
thought the shipyard
and
and scooped me up like a horse
with passion let me for these medicine
pesticides
for a long time you do not therefore became the price tag and
it seems on this smoke under sim you watched
pain me like a syringe on code and soared
passion giving medicine 3 pesticides
for a long time you do not therefore become a cynic
it seems
then day by force